README.md, before:

# DL_Exploring
A repository of beginner resources to some of the recently developing fields in deep learning that we are exploring, to get a basic understanding of the field.

Please feel free to **contribute** to this repository by making a **pull request**!.

## Graph Learning

The field mainly focused on applying deep learning on non euclidean data like graphical data using architectures like Graph Convolutional Networks, Graph Neural Networks etc. 

- A Comprehensive Survey on Graph Neural Networks [[Link](https://arxiv.org/abs/1901.00596)]
- GRAPH CONVOLUTIONAL NETWORKS - Blog post by Thomas Kipf [[Link](https://tkipf.github.io/graph-convolutional-networks/)]
- PyTorch Geometric - A framework based on pytorch for handling graphical data [[Link](https://pytorch-geometric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)]
- DEEP GRAPH LIBRARY - Another popular framework for graphical neural networks [[Link](https://www.dgl.ai/)]

## Meta-Learning
A highly active area of recent research, which aims to learn models which can be easily adpated to learn new tasks often said as "learning to learn".

- CS 330- Deep Multi-Task and Meta Learning By Chelsea Finn, Stanford [[Link](https://cs330.stanford.edu/)]
- Meta-Learning: Learning to Learn Fast - Blog post in Lil'Log [[Link](https://lilianweng.github.io/lil-log/2018/11/30/meta-learning.html)] 


## Bayesian Deep Learning


## Reinforcement Learning
Deals with problems in sequential decision making, has a lot of applications in robotics and simulations.

- Reinforcement Learning Course by David Silver  [[Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pWv7GOvuf0&list=PLqYmG7hTraZDM-OYHWgPebj2MfCFzFObQ)]
- CS 285 UC BERKLEY -  Deep Reinforcement Learning course by Sergey Levine [[Link](http://rail.eecs.berkeley.edu/deeprlcourse/)]
- Open AI Spinning Up in Deep RL - Good for beginner implementation details [[Link](https://spinningup.openai.com/en/latest/)]
  
## Active Learning
Deals with problem of expensive data labelling and tries to figure out which unlablled data points to label so as to bring maximum improvement to model performance.

- Overview of Active Learning for Deep Learning- Highly intuitive blog post for basics of Active Learning [[Link](https://jacobgil.github.io/deeplearning/activelearning)]

## 3D Deep Learning

- 3D Deep Learning Tutorial [[Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfL6uJYFrp4)]
- Deep Learning Advances on Different 3D Data Representations: A Survey [[Link](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Djamila_Aouada/publication/326870805_Deep_Learning_Advances_on_Different_3D_Data_Representations_A_Survey/links/5b85406c92851c1e12370748/Deep-Learning-Advances-on-Different-3D-Data-Representations-A-Survey.pdf)]
- Deep Learning for 3D Point Clouds: A Survey [[Link](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.12033)]

## Distillation

## Pruning

Commit message:

Add 3D Deep Learning Gradient article

README.md, after:

# DL_Exploring
A repository of beginner resources to some of the recently developing fields in deep learning that we are exploring, to get a basic understanding of the field.

Please feel free to **contribute** to this repository by making a **pull request**!.

## Graph Learning

The field mainly focused on applying deep learning on non euclidean data like graphical data using architectures like Graph Convolutional Networks, Graph Neural Networks etc. 

- A Comprehensive Survey on Graph Neural Networks [[Link](https://arxiv.org/abs/1901.00596)]
- GRAPH CONVOLUTIONAL NETWORKS - Blog post by Thomas Kipf [[Link](https://tkipf.github.io/graph-convolutional-networks/)]
- PyTorch Geometric - A framework based on pytorch for handling graphical data [[Link](https://pytorch-geometric.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)]
- DEEP GRAPH LIBRARY - Another popular framework for graphical neural networks [[Link](https://www.dgl.ai/)]

## Meta-Learning
A highly active area of recent research, which aims to learn models which can be easily adpated to learn new tasks often said as "learning to learn".

- CS 330- Deep Multi-Task and Meta Learning By Chelsea Finn, Stanford [[Link](https://cs330.stanford.edu/)]
- Meta-Learning: Learning to Learn Fast - Blog post in Lil'Log [[Link](https://lilianweng.github.io/lil-log/2018/11/30/meta-learning.html)] 


## Bayesian Deep Learning


## Reinforcement Learning
Deals with problems in sequential decision making, has a lot of applications in robotics and simulations.

- Reinforcement Learning Course by David Silver  [[Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pWv7GOvuf0&list=PLqYmG7hTraZDM-OYHWgPebj2MfCFzFObQ)]
- CS 285 UC BERKLEY -  Deep Reinforcement Learning course by Sergey Levine [[Link](http://rail.eecs.berkeley.edu/deeprlcourse/)]
- Open AI Spinning Up in Deep RL - Good for beginner implementation details [[Link](https://spinningup.openai.com/en/latest/)]
  
## Active Learning
Deals with problem of expensive data labelling and tries to figure out which unlablled data points to label so as to bring maximum improvement to model performance.

- Overview of Active Learning for Deep Learning- Highly intuitive blog post for basics of Active Learning [[Link](https://jacobgil.github.io/deeplearning/activelearning)]

## 3D Deep Learning

- 3D Deep Learning Tutorial [[Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfL6uJYFrp4)]
- Deep Learning Advances on Different 3D Data Representations: A Survey [[Link](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Djamila_Aouada/publication/326870805_Deep_Learning_Advances_on_Different_3D_Data_Representations_A_Survey/links/5b85406c92851c1e12370748/Deep-Learning-Advances-on-Different-3D-Data-Representations-A-Survey.pdf)]
- Deep Learning for 3D Point Clouds: A Survey [[Link](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.12033)]
- Beyond the pixel plane: sensing and learning in 3D [[Link](https://thegradient.pub/beyond-the-pixel-plane-sensing-and-learning-in-3d/)]

## Distillation

## Pruning
